Pixel 3a: Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi, how are you
Pixel 3a: Doing better. Thank you for last week, you really helped me out a lot. Good. Good. Are
Pixel 3a: You feeling okay today.
Pixel 3a: Yeah, I'm just been having like a lot of anxiety.
Pixel 3a: I know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, remember that you're going through this whole process and you're going through
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, a loss.
Pixel 3a: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, got all these emotions that are all over the place right now.
Yeah.
Pixel 3a: And they just feel like I can never let it out, you know, because I have to stay strong for the family because everything like is always on my shoulders. And so I just have to always be strong and like I'm in the garage right now because they're here.
Pixel 3a: Felt like I need my own time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You really do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. You need to be able to ask for help find, you know, have somebody that you can ask for help to because even the strong people need
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Help once in a while as well. Yeah.
Pixel 3a: For sure.
Pixel 3a: You know, yeah.
Pixel 3a: That's what I tried to tell like my
Pixel 3a: Like my, I don't know. We're
Pixel 3a: Together, my husband, I guess, but
Pixel 3a: But we're living apart right now.
Pixel 3a: Because we're trying to like work things out. But I tell them like that I need help right now with my daughter, because it's like 20% and just me, you know,
Pixel 3a: Yeah, and he just, I don't know. He says, yeah, then it's like
Pixel 3a: Like today. You know, he comes over and
Pixel 3a: She doesn't make her lunch. So I have to get up, make her lunch, you know, like, is this. I know it's petty, but it's just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and it's not petty
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Man, you know, whatever it is that that you need. You need to be able to have somebody there that it will support you through this
Pixel 3a: Yeah, so you can choose choose very hyper she's like ADHD. She has a site autism.
Pixel 3a: Know, she's so needy like just always on me at all 24 hours. It's like, oh, I just need like five minutes to myself.
Pixel 3a: And I can't you know like I had important job interviews and it's like I had no help. So the night before.
Pixel 3a: I'm up with her till like midnight, you know. But yeah, he get to sleep.
Pixel 3a: Comfortably yeah I get jealous, I guess. So I asked him, like can you just take her for one day. One day,
Pixel 3a: Hey, whoa, he ignores it
Pixel 3a: You know, are gonna be like, oh, I could spend the night. But then he spends the night and then it's like, I'm still taking care of her, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it doesn't do any good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because it doesn't do what you need him to do.
Exactly.
Pixel 3a: No, no.
Pixel 3a: So that's been bothering me and then I start my new job tomorrow. So I'm all stressed out.
Pixel 3a: Yeah.
Pixel 3a: I know it.
Yeah.
Pixel 3a: That's why I stay at my jobs for so long because I feel comfortable and then I'm in my I make it like I don't know my second away from whole mixtape.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah
Pixel 3a: Yeah, so
Pixel 3a: That's scary.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, scary.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I you just have a feeling that you know what you're doing and you're going to go in there and you're going to rock it.
Pixel 3a: No, I hope.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Pixel 3a: You. Well, I know I just get nervous because I feel like they have such high expectations for me that I feel like, what if I don't measure up to what they're
Pixel 3a: Thinking, I am i guess i don't know because I've been in the business for a long time. So in the first interview they were telling me, like, Oh, we have to start you have started daytime which I haven't worked a time in years because that's like, you know what beginners start. Yeah.
Pixel 3a: And she said, he said, you know, we have to work your way up to dinners and I was like fine with that. That's great, you know, perfect. But now I called to get my shifts yesterday, and he has me all night shifts
Pixel 3a: He's like, what
Pixel 3a: Like I don't want everybody to hate me to, you know, going in there going to be like, hey, she's brand new. Why is she working nights, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe overthinking it. I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that that you probably are a little bit and you know I get this, the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Stress of it a new jobs always stressful but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're a team player.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I just, you know, have a feeling that you're going to go in there, they're going to be comfortable with you and that you're going to do a great job and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you have this huge amount of experience to that you get to bring to the table where I'm sure there are people there that it's the first time doing it. And you know what I mean, they could probably learn some things from you.
Pixel 3a: Yeah.
Pixel 3a: You know, yeah, just, I don't know, just scary because this is more of a, like a fine dining, you know, like, super like it has, if I had a Cromer I was in my mind, I'm like, What the hell is a drummer, he
Pixel 3a: Was like, Oh no, I'm sorry. At this time, I don't have fun. You know, like totally made it looked like I knew what it was. And so they're like, okay, we'll provide you with one but also out of Google, you know, like, what's it from her.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What is the Promo
Pixel 3a: I guess like you. It's a tool that you use to between entrees to scrape the crumbs off of the table like this is like one of those kind of dining places like I've never been eaten at one of those kind of places.
Pixel 3a: Little work. You know, so I'm like, oh my god.
Pixel 3a: Like, what if I just got myself into something more than I can chew. You know,
Pixel 3a: But then they're like, like I went to orientation and the owner, happened to be there and I introduced myself. And he's like, Oh, you're going to work out real right. And I said, Yeah. And then he was like, oh, I heard a lot about you and he was like all happy. And I'm like, oh my god.
Pixel 3a: Like
Pixel 3a: You know,
Pixel 3a: But that's what makes me worried like, what if they're
Pixel 3a: Expecting. I don't know.
Pixel 3a: You know, I was just ready to go in there and just work lunches.
Pixel 3a: Like a whole
Pixel 3a: So I don't know. So I'm a little nervous that I don't meet their expectations, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't think that I think that it's unfounded. I really do. You know, and one great thing is the adaptability.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Working in in the in that field.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And working at different places, you know that you have to go in and kind of watch how that place does things
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And pick up on what they do and you pick it up and you implement it in your in your schedule and you do it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, it just, you're gonna you're gonna rock it.
Pixel 3a: I hope
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just got to know that right now you're in a vulnerable spot your emotions are all over the place. So you got to take deep breaths and you know tell yourself. I can do this. I can do this. I can do this, you know,
Pixel 3a: I think that's what like
Pixel 3a: What it is it's like I'm just all over the place, like you said, like I feel like I haven't had time yet just sit back and be like, oh, what just happened, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Pixel 3a: I should have been really gave myself some more time before I wanted to work.
Pixel 3a: But I've never not work. I've never not had a draw. So it was scary. You know, I'm a single mom, essentially.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Pixel 3a: You know, I have to pay my bills still
Pixel 3a: Mm hmm. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's the kind of messed up part about being a single parent is that you don't get
The
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The appropriate amount of time to be able to process through. You have to do it in bits and pieces.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When your schedule allows
Exactly.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There are times when it's going to come out in in ways or in situations where you don't want them to. You just have to be very self aware
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know that that's what's going on and just really, you know, kind of work it one day at a time. You might go in there and find out that the people you're working with are cool and you know what I mean. And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't know.
Pixel 3a: Yeah, I've heard a lot of amazing things about this place. I have a friend who works at one of their restaurants they have three
Pixel 3a: And
Pixel 3a: She just raves about it. That's what made me apply. I actually applied at her place because they have
Pixel 3a: You know, levels of like the fine dining
Pixel 3a: So I wanted to go where she's at which is like medium, you know,
Pixel 3a: And I wanted to go there and then they sent me to this place. Smells like
Pixel 3a: Oh my god like
Pixel 3a: I didn't even want to go there.
Pixel 3a: They're like, Oh, no, we have, we think you're perfect match for this place.
Pixel 3a: And so I was like okay and then I went there. Oh my god.
Pixel 3a: Like scary, but I mean, at the same time. It's like when my husband says, choose a failure. This is what you are this what you do like your when you and my daughter said it best to, she said, Mom, because she works with me. She goes, You you make
Pixel 3a: The last restart you worked at which you know that jobs because you made everybody feel like you they are in fine dining
Pixel 3a: You know, the way I wash you with customers, compared to everyone else, like you make them feel more like at home and fine dining, you know, more like a richer place. She said, and I was like oh really, she was. Yeah.
Pixel 3a: I was
Pixel 3a: Cool. And it's like we are way different than everybody else. They're like, oh, let me feel good because you're coming from her because we've
Pixel 3a: We've had been distancing. She's been distancing yourself for a while.
Pixel 3a: So, that was nice to hear from ya.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why she been distancing herself.
Pixel 3a: I don't know, she's going through
Pixel 3a: I don't know. We used to be like so close like best friends and I used to cry like it's been happening for about a year. So I'm at the point where I'm just accepting it. It is what it is, but always be here for her. She needs me.
You know,
Pixel 3a: But it was hurtful because we were so close I Have you ever watched grey gardens that will be
Pixel 3a: Oh, okay. It's a movie with that about Jackie Onassis his cousin Drew Barrymore stars in it and it's just about like this mother daughter relationship that just cat. They're just
Pixel 3a: Always together.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Pixel 3a: But it's kind of creepy, the way it is, kind of, if you watch the movie. It's kind of sad and but it be so we joke around and say grey gardens meeting. It's going to be always be you against the world.
Pixel 3a: And I mean, she was like 17 and she would still sleep in my bed. You know, like we were that close.
Pixel 3a: Yeah. And then I'm now. I then one day we're watching the movie and she just, you could just tell she was like horrified and like afraid.
Pixel 3a: I don't know, like she thought that was really going to be us. And she started like distancing herself slowly. It was weird. I don't know. So it just makes me feel like she's embarrassed of me.
Pixel 3a: You know, I don't know, it's weird.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How addition.
Pixel 3a: To using team.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, so she's a young adult exploring life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, trying to find your place in the world.
Pixel 3a: Right. Yeah, no, I understand that.
Pixel 3a: And everybody told me it was coming, but I never. They were like, oh wait till junior high, you're high came, it didn't happen. Wait dies school, high school k, we were still in also. It just came as a shock.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Pixel 3a: You know, she started. She has a really
Pixel 3a: A relationship and I don't her girlfriend, she's, she's by
Pixel 3a: Our girlfriend.
Pixel 3a: I don't think she doesn't like me, they're more of like a Richie family. Yes. Yeah. I think my daughter is like embarrassed of us.
Pixel 3a: So I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, my hope is that someday. She'll get to the point
Where
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It will make a difference because her family is your family. No. If ands, or buts.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and they'll be moments in her life when she'll realize that that the one person that was there for her where you was you
Pixel 3a: You know, yeah, yeah. I had a little talk with me was to the point we weren't weren't speaking at all like she will speak to me and then she'll be nice. And then when her girlfriends around. She's okay you know
Pixel 3a: Or withdrawn. So it's like okay, but she HER CAR BROKE DOWN. So she needed help, of course, that was there for her. I would never deny my child, you know, they're
Pixel 3a: Being all the time. So I think I just told her, I said, you know, you have us here like we're here where your support system like I didn't have a support system. I just had to do it on my own. She has one
Pixel 3a: You know, and so I was like you just stopped distancing yourself from us because we're here. So she thanked me because you know I got her helping her out with her car, and I've noticed, she's starting to be more
Pixel 3a: Nice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nice.
Pixel 3a: To be more nice like before, like she won't even she's never caused the baby Araya she always goes the baby.
Yeah.
Pixel 3a: I wonder, too, if it might have been like
Pixel 3a: Because I had another daughter and her whole time growing up, I always used to say, Oh, why do I love you so much. I pug eater, and then I'd be out okay she would say, because I'm your first and only daughter, you know, that was her
Pixel 3a: Yeah, saying that was are saying to each other so that I had a daughter.
Pixel 3a: Another one.
Pixel 3a: And so I don't know that might have been
Pixel 3a: I remember when I had to tell her I was pregnant. It was like I was a teenager telling my mom.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is at the park. Yeah. She was like, Oh, we're gonna we're happy because I sat there crying.
Pixel 3a: I have to talk to you and she was like all afraid, like, Oh my God, are you dying. Mom, you know, and I was just like, I'm pregnant. She sent me all crazy, like what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And how did she get along with your daughter with your baby.
She doesn't
Pixel 3a: Like nothing but lately, since I have been helping her with a car. She took my daughter to her room to see her cat.
Pixel 3a: And so that was like oh my god you know your to do is just goes to the baby.
Pixel 3a: She got her birthday present stuff, but I don't know. She doesn't really like interact with her.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I got all
Pixel 3a: And it hurts my feelings.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Understandable. Definitely. Well, you got to remember the age gap to
Pixel 3a: We are, you know,
Pixel 3a: And I do know that she's has so much on our plate. She's doing 22 units of school right now that's
Pixel 3a: Like unheard of. That's a lot. Yeah, so that's I've given her space. I know you know she's trying to get into Berkeley, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow, that's cool.
Pixel 3a: You know she's very smart, she's going to be a doctor psychology of all things, too. And I'm like, Oh my God, you would think.
Pixel 3a: You know,
Pixel 3a: As we all be in my life. Right. Like, and she's going into psychology, like she know what she's doing. You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, it's great because when you go through some of the courses and some of the materials and you write your papers you do start self reflecting
Pixel 3a: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean you do start seeing things you know that you're reading about and that you're working on within yourself. And it's kind of amazing because it's like this big, huge pattern of growth that happens.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, in order, I mean,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It just takes time.
Pixel 3a: Yeah, just, I just want my baby back. I know it'll never be the same, though. That's what hurts, because we were like we were just like randomly, like, oh,
Pixel 3a: I don't know, we'd make fun of for everything was funny. We'd love to tell me everything, everything. And now, like nothing, absolutely nothing like well and we went to her therapy class one day or her therapy session, she invited me to go one day.
Pixel 3a: Mm hmm. And it was like, No, like she was making up or not making up because that's how she feels but like I don't can explain like she thought I had a problem with her and her girlfriend, I guess, but
Pixel 3a: I have no no they never I've always known since she was little.
Pixel 3a: Yeah, you know, I've always known. It wasn't a big deal. I don't care. You know, my whole family's gay. You know, that's like, whatever.
Pixel 3a: And I used to be like on their anniversary, give them my card to go out to dinner to a nice place. You know, I've always embracing so I don't know why she thought that that's what's so weird.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You guys didn't talk about it in depth in therapy.
Pixel 3a: No, she
Pixel 3a: Know, she just the therapist was like see your mom has no problem with her. She's happy for you have some happy for her. She's happy. I'm happy, you know,
Pixel 3a: I thought was odd. I was like, wait, you thought I wasn't happy for you and your relationship like that's it's really weird. So I've always embraced in a high give her hugs and but that girl just doesn't like me.
Pixel 3a: You know, I don't know why.
Pixel 3a: No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you don't know what she's actually putting in your daughter's head.
Pixel 3a: Yes, there's something though.
Pixel 3a: And like she doesn't want me. She doesn't like Richard and she doesn't want us together, but she doesn't want us working out our relationship which
Pixel 3a: Like I said, beaten, psychology, you would think that for my daughter sick our baby that we would work it out, you know, she doesn't want to go to counseling.
Pixel 3a: just weird. I don't know.
Pixel 3a: Hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And she's never brought up any issues where she doesn't want you and your partner together.
Pixel 3a: No, that's what I thought of that more. Did you ever make you feel uncomfortable as ever done anything because I in a split second would be
Pixel 3a: Done, you know, and she know and I was like, well then, what is wrong because you just mean to me.
Pixel 3a: But how it's all started because my she's she was the baby, my best friend. So she was spoiled, we'd have to do nothing. So when he moved in. He started implementing chores and her chores for sit through all the kitchen trash that my five year old can do that.
Pixel 3a: You would be so she didn't want to do it. And then we would, you know, keep on her about doing it, she would get mad at us.
Pixel 3a: And so then she took it on him like he's the one God forbid is making me do these tours.
Pixel 3a: Throwing the trash.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know
Pixel 3a: It's like, that's crazy to me.
Pixel 3a: Yeah.
Pixel 3a: But it was a fact is that we were making her do it you know
Pixel 3a: So she was mad.
Pixel 3a: So it's just crazy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's gonna take a little while for her to be able to grow up in and understand it. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, definitely. And there's that whole piece of jealousy. Now she's not number one anymore.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think you know i mean
Pixel 3a: Yeah, I think that had to choose just twisting in her head, making it more than what it is you know
Pixel 3a: Yeah, cuz he's my number one like it was, she was, she was my I know I shouldn't have favorites but you know she was my daughter. We were so close.
Pixel 3a: Anyway,
Pixel 3a: Maybe we'll be able to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It will, and maybe you know later on when she's grown up a mouth and understands a little bit that you know you guys will get back to the place where it'll be a different relationship that
Pixel 3a: It'll never be the same.
Pixel 3a: That's her. She told my son that her fear is that when she moves out that we're never going to speak again like ever like not have any relationship at all. And I'm like, why would she think that like she's the one that's pulling away from me, you know,
Yeah.
Pixel 3a: No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Kids, they don't come with books.
Pixel 3a: I know
Pixel 3a: It's funny because I couldn't wait for my kids to grow up because I thought all you know that was a young mom and I was like, oh my god, this is a lot of work. I couldn't wait for them to be independent and grown up and it seems like it's more work.
Pixel 3a: Yeah, older they get
Pixel 3a: Better when they were being nice.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: newsflash when they turn 18 days. It's like, that's not the end of it.
Pixel 3a: So,
It's not
Pixel 3a: Anyway,
Definitely
Pixel 3a: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How is everything going with you and your partner.
Pixel 3a: No, no, he's here. I hope I don't want. That's why I'm in the garage. I just feel like he's just so grumpy and negative all the time, you know,
Pixel 3a: And it's like, I can't
Pixel 3a: I just, I'm just not happy. I want to make it work, because I love them and I want to make it for my daughter, but it's like
Pixel 3a: So negative and even my sister called me because we had my daughter's birthday.
Pixel 3a: And she said, You know, I just need to tell you this, don't hate me and I said what she goes, he just looked so miserable like every little thing that you know you were all happy, try to make it happy and you know he was just so down and he has a lot of CDs and stuff. So like
Pixel 3a: If it's too noisy with kids, he is or he's like a grumpy old man.
Pixel 3a: He's just grumpy all the time is always negative. And then when I'm trying to talk about something going on with me, he twists it to bring it to him.
Pixel 3a: You know, like, I'm just, can I have, can I talk about something with me. You know, like for instance I was talking about this work. This new job.
Pixel 3a: And I was just like concerned, like, oh, I'm going to be working the night that I was what I was trying to tell you, like how first supposed to be lunch and
Pixel 3a: And then he was like, Oh, well that's not gonna work out for me that's gonna be hard for me because I work early in the morning and have to take your analysis like I didn't even get to finish my story and you already bring it back to yourself.
Pixel 3a: You know it's sad.
Pixel 3a: Because I just want someone I can like how I can talk to you. I would feel like.
Pixel 3a: I can talk to him like that. He's my partner.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm. Yeah, it's
Pixel 3a: With everything
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hence why you guys are separated right now.
Pixel 3a: Yes, exactly. And then he wants to move in already
Pixel 3a: And I'm like, but it's like
Pixel 3a: It'll just be back to the same because he hasn't done no effort to change nothing
Pixel 3a: You know, not even counseling and he said he was going to do counseling on himself or something has to be within you. You know what I mean like you need it. Like I'm taking steps I've got myself sober, I
Pixel 3a: I'm having therapy. You know, I'm doing what I need to do. And he's not doing anything. If anything, you sometimes tries to hinder it by offering me drink. Oh, you didn't
Pixel 3a: Have a drink, you know,
Pixel 3a: Yeah, I'm like, no, that's not
Pixel 3a: What I need
Pixel 3a: Or want
Pixel 3a: I can't have just one drink. I can't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Pixel 3a: And he's like, oh yeah, you can we had to resolve you out a super sharp pay it on. It's like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You don't get it.
Pixel 3a: You don't get it. Exactly.
Pixel 3a: And I'm trying to tell them to like, oh no, like, we have no romance, no nothing. I don't feel like a woman with him, you know, and it's like, I want to fill that again. And I told him I've cried him. And it's, oh, I will get better than nothing.
Pixel 3a: It's the same. So I don't know what to do.
Pixel 3a: Because I want it to work so bad for my daughter. You know, I don't want to be a single Bob again.
Right.
Pixel 3a: You
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can't sacrifice your needs for that either.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because your daughter feels the happiness in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Our damage, you know, then
Pixel 3a: She does so bad, like when I get overly she starts to like hit herself, you know,
Pixel 3a: So that I have to like
Pixel 3a: Related my emotions because I can't let her feel like she Overleaf. She's like a chameleon.
Pixel 3a: You know, so I have to stop feeling hurt or go somewhere else, you know,
Pixel 3a: But it's hard. I, and I'll invite him places because I want us to do something as a family that he just makes it like so bad because he's so grumpy and negative
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what part of tell me what you're holding on to other than you want. You don't want to be a single mom, and you want your daughter to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have a family.
Pixel 3a: It.
Pixel 3a: That's it.
Pixel 3a: Like I've thought about it to like what, and that is that is one that's it. I just don't want to do it alone again.
Pixel 3a: And that's why I was afraid of when I got pregnant. I was like, oh my god, like, you know, I thought about not having the baby. But then I couldn't do that because I HEARD HER HEARTBEAT
Pixel 3a: And I just knew it was going to be a girl, I don't know, I just couldn't and the whole pregnancy. I was afraid that I wasn't gonna bond with her because I had those thoughts of
Pixel 3a: Not going through with it and I was afraid of being a mom again not mean I'm always a mom. But, you know, doing it all over my daughter was 18
Pixel 3a: Was like, Oh, no, you know, like, but as soon as she was born. It was like I this is what I was missing in my life, you know, I was. She's just brought a whole new meaning to my world.
Pixel 3a: But I just don't want to do it alone. Again, it was hard work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It sounds like though that you already are kind of doing it alone.
Pixel 3a: Either I know
I know
Pixel 3a: Yeah.
Pixel 3a: That's what's scary.
Pixel 3a: That's what I tell them
Pixel 3a: So I don't know, but then her to like she gets so happy when he comes around, you know, like she just her face lights up. It should go daddy and hug him and then Mommy and hug me and then back to him and then to me so that breaks my heart, you know, cuz I'm like oh she wants us together.
Pixel 3a: Because she's always do. And she has like these two hours. She's only she just turned two shows this hour. She calls mommy and daddy our choice puts them together.
Pixel 3a: I know. Like I said, I just, it was so awful living together, it was just so much negative. I didn't ever wanted to go home. I was just always at work.
Pixel 3a: You know, I just didn't want to go home with him here because he's just so but he's a good guy to, you know, he's, he I know He loves me and he does law around the house we lived here he cooked. He worked. He paid bill you know he did a law, but it was just
Pixel 3a: Negative and grumpy all the time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then, well it
Pixel 3a: Starts to eat at you, you know, to where that you become negative and grumpy and it has like
Pixel 3a: Just couldn't do that we would fight.
Pixel 3a: I don't like to fight for my kids like
Pixel 3a: My past relationships with my other my, my first batch of kids. I know I made sure never to argue with you know a partner or even introduced partners to to them.
Pixel 3a: So with Araya like because we're living together. Like, I noticed when we would started escalating to a lot of fights, or he would get drunk because he's an alcoholic.
Pixel 3a: And he's not supposed to drink here and he will
Pixel 3a: He will sneak it and then you'll get really drunk and be very angry like scary and
Pixel 3a: I just saw Araya getting like every time we'd have a raise our voice, she would like panic.
Pixel 3a: You know, and I didn't like that. And so that was the last straw was like, I can't, like, you have to move out because
Pixel 3a: I can't have received this
You know, yeah.
Pixel 3a: But he says he's not drinking anymore.
Pixel 3a: But he's been saying that for five years.
Pixel 3a: Oh, I don't know, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't know, I kind of think that you do. I kind of think that you do know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah and you know you just got to walk through the process and, you know, make a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Decision is going to be the best for you and your dad or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know one thing, great is that he's always going to be her dad, no matter if you guys are together or not. He's always going to be heard. Yeah, he's a he's a great dad.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that pieces is solid. I mean, he's if that's never going to change, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Within your relationship. You've got to figure out what makes you happy. And if your relationship doesn't, then, and you don't see any progress and you know from him and or any
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He's not working on himself. You know, you've got to just kind of take a look at whether or not you and him are compatible.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and see
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What's in your best interest.
Pixel 3a: Scary.
Pixel 3a: It is scary. Yeah, I just
Pixel 3a: Change yeah change. I hate it.
Yeah.
Pixel 3a: I afraid of being alone. I guess to, you know,
Pixel 3a: With a baby. I know, but I do
Pixel 3a: Because then, my sister was saying exactly what you're saying and she's saying, well, you guys need to sit down.
Pixel 3a: You know reevaluate. See if this is what you guys really want you know cuz she says he thinks miserable to, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Pixel 3a: He just wants to come home, but I can't.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So yeah, that's gonna be a tough conversation, that's for sure.
Pixel 3a: Yeah, for sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But you can do it when you're ready to do it. They'll do it, you know, and that's the great part about these types of things is that we get to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Face them and deal with them when we're ready.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's not something that you know you have to decide today. It's not something you have to decide tomorrow. You know, you get to do it on your own time. When you're ready, and you'll know when you're ready.
Pixel 3a: Yeah, you know, yeah, getting there.
Pixel 3a: Just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Give yourself you know permission to to, you know, grieve, a little bit and to just be still.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In your decision making and stuff right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that, you know,
Pixel 3a: What I'm afraid of making the wrong because it was like he moved out the day before Christmas. I made a move out I kicked him out.
Pixel 3a: And then my mom in the fire, you know, within like what, three, four weeks later, you know, or five weeks later, my mom's in the fire.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You
Pixel 3a: Know that was my job now I'm starting a new job is to say, Oh my God, I just can't stand this then just today. I was just
Pixel 3a: I haven't got my tax return. I know it's a and I was like, What's going on, and I couldn't get on to any IRS person like you can't talk to them. It's all computer. So I was dealing with that and then everybody's telling me that I need to file a grievance on my previous job.
Pixel 3a: But that's bringing me a bunch of anxiety because I don't know what to do and it's scary to talk, I get nervous talking on the phone like
Pixel 3a: I don't I get like super anxiety.
Pixel 3a: And so I was just all this stuff and I'm just like, Oh my God, I just hate life right now. Like what kind of just
Pixel 3a: Stop. You know, like not stop like that just
Pixel 3a: Took why course I will.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Lay down a little bit. Yes, I know.
Pixel 3a: But others like of course I don't get a refund check, there's a problem. And of course, I get, you know, reach anybody in the office.
Pixel 3a: You know, I don't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have you tried to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have you tried to look it up online.
Pixel 3a: I did. That's, yeah. I've been doing that for like three hours and every single number that they've given me is it's it goes to automated
Pixel 3a: Or I can call their office and make an appointment, but all I just want to know is, because it says it's still processing. It says if you haven't, if it's been 21 days prior from I mean after failing to call them well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So can anybody
Pixel 3a: Know, yeah, it's been February 11 is when they accepted my
Pixel 3a: Taxes and then I don't know. Who do I call so I try number that they've given me and it's always automated
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Pixel 3a: And it just keeps telling me you're taxes are being processed. So, okay.
Pixel 3a: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you did you do it yourself, or did you get there, a tax person.
Pixel 3a: I did it myself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: with pen and paper or did you go through LIKE TURBO TAX OR SOMETHING.
Pixel 3a: I did a free text, USA.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Then you can't go on their website and research, a little bit.
Pixel 3a: Yeah, they just says that it's been, they sent me to the IRS website.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Pixel 3a: Like okay, it's just it's a headache.
Pixel 3a: And I need it because I've been dipping into my savings because I haven't been working. Still, it's like, oh, I don't like it when I see the number go down. I get nervous.
Pixel 3a: You know,
Pixel 3a: So I'm like, I just want that tax return in there.
Pixel 3a: Yeah.
Pixel 3a: My safety debt. You know, I start to panic.
Pixel 3a: Like, oh no, it's going to
Pixel 3a: Certain amount
Pixel 3a: So I don't know. It'll figure it out. I guess I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It will
Pixel 3a: It will I know that was like, how long do I wait
Pixel 3a: To do something is February 11 that was a month ago.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, about a month ago used to be when we did them by hand. It would take like six to eight weeks.
Pixel 3a: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. And if
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, right now is the prime time for so many people that are filing, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Isn't
Pixel 3a: That long then right every March. It's only a month, maybe I'm just tripping.
Pixel 3a: Because
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Only been four weeks.
Pixel 3a: Yeah, now that I think about it like that.
Pixel 3a: Maybe after six weeks then call
Pixel 3a: Well, there's nobody to call
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Us know when to call you got me.
Pixel 3a: Here, I don't know. So there's that. Then the filing the grievance like it's like I feel like I want to do it. But then I like what if they laughed me out of there. Like what do you can't, you know, because California is at will.
Pixel 3a: Employment so
Pixel 3a: Just don't want to
Pixel 3a: Call and file some new they tell me like
Pixel 3a: You're out of luck, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How do you feel about doing that. I mean, is it something that you really want to do and pursue or is it something that you just hurt and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're not sure if you want to do it.
Pixel 3a: I think my her is at the point is
Pixel 3a: I'm just, I'm pushing that away. I guess I'm blocking that out because it was so hurtful.
Pixel 3a: Mm hmm. Like, it was really, really hurtful. Now, maybe I am angry. Maybe I'm just angry. I don't know. I don't feel angry. I just feel like
Pixel 3a: Everybody like that, you know, like she's and she's always afraid of getting sued because of how she always treats people so just sometimes just want her to like learned her lesson or something like you can't treat people like that.
Pixel 3a: But that is the same time, I feel like
Pixel 3a: It's bringing too much anxiety to me. I don't know what to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think I say that you that you table it and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You don't want to take on more than then you can handle right now.
Pixel 3a: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just kind of want to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, get acclimated in your new job and revisit it in a week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. Give it just give yourself a little bit of time to breathe. Don't make it a priority. Make it something that you're going to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Think about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's what I was
Pixel 3a: I was thinking I was like, you know, we bet you just forget about it and just move on with my life and you know it is what it is. It's not that it happened, but it you know life goes on.
Pixel 3a: But then at the same breath of like kicking myself. What if I could, like, you know, get something from her something not to sound all you know like a buddy.
Pixel 3a: Hear anything but like he, this will be that would help me to, you know, but I think you're right. I'm just going to
Pixel 3a: Stop. Think about that. So I think about it, almost every day because everybody's telling me you know to do it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And when you file a complaint with with the state.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They really based off of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The facts. Yeah, you know, and so when you when you win. And if you do decide to do it. You just got to make sure that you have the facts down
Pixel 3a: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you talk from a factual basis and not an emotional state.
Right, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, they'll tell you on the phone, whether or not they can do anything or if they'll do anything. And then what they'll do is they'll ask for a response from her.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and then evaluate you know the whole thing.
Pixel 3a: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To see what it was. What happened or why or whatever but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, really, you've got enough on your plate right now to worry about.
Pixel 3a: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Pixel 3a: I would just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Put that aside, I would pray about it. Think about it. And, you know, in a week, revisit it and see if you still feel the same or, you know, if you want to pursue it or not, and then go, you know, do it. But, you know, especially right now with your grief and loss and everything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you're experiencing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Dont pile more on your plate than what you need.
Pixel 3a: That's what I
Mean
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: get acclimated in your new job. Get, get comfortable with what you're getting ready to do and it's my understanding, I could be wrong but fine dining
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You should be making some some pretty good tips.
Pixel 3a: There, how that's what they're saying.
Pixel 3a: But I made really good tips, where I worked. I mean, I would bring home I would work. Maybe like from four to eight 830 and I would make that easily two to $400 while I was
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Working
Pixel 3a: You know, I mean, it was easy. Now this one is gonna be hard.
Pixel 3a: You know, seems like it right now but i bet you when you get in there and you start doing it, you'll see
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What I was so worried. I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know, really is. Yeah.
Pixel 3a: And like I said my friend says that this company is amazing to work for. And they've been so nice. Like, I'm like shocked Mattel everybody is there because I went from one
Pixel 3a: Person who got to walk on eggshells all the time to
Pixel 3a: These people who seem to have your back. You know, like they want, you know, if anything, have you come here, you know, if you ever felt comfortable. I have a manager, you know, they're really
Pixel 3a: About their
Pixel 3a: Workers teams. Anyway, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which is really kind of how it's supposed to be.
Pixel 3a: Yeah I know I'm not used to that.
Pixel 3a: Yeah. When you I
Pixel 3a: Mean, yeah, that's the thing they set their some really I think I'm just nervous that I won't meet their expectations but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that over it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that if you weren't in this vulnerable state, you know,
Pixel 3a: You would know.
Pixel 3a: And you would do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, but because you are in this sort of vulnerable state right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Brief that's probably why but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Think about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Think about your reputation because I know that in the restaurant business, your Reputation. Reputation is huge.
Pixel 3a: Yeah. You know, I think that's why they have such high expectations, you know,
Pixel 3a: So yeah, no, I know, but like, it's
Pixel 3a: Like when I went to the interview, like I was on the phone with the mortuary people right like right in the car, trying to get my mom flown here, you know, and then I went in there and had to be, you know, so I know I could do it, you know, because I mean how can you go from that to
Yeah.
Pixel 3a: Yes.
Pixel 3a: And I did it. I know I can. But it's just, it's just a lot just going on you know like
Pixel 3a: Eating
Pixel 3a: But yesterday. Yeah, I finally had my day yesterday where I just stayed home all day. I told you last week I was going to do that.
Pixel 3a: Yes, I did it. I stayed in my pajamas. I didn't even take a shower shower, I took what today but
Pixel 3a: Hey I just stayed in I think I did take a shot. I stayed in my pajamas, the whole day and but then again, it's like Araya you know she was. She's a lot
Pixel 3a: So whenever when I go do something at least that keeps her occupied. But since I did it. I stayed home. She was just on me all
So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you got to rest. But you really didn't get to rest.
Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right.
Pixel 3a: Know, she did take a nap though for two hours, which he never takes naps. So she took a two hour nap, which is amazing. I got to watch reality show. So really happy.
Pixel 3a: That he woke up, she didn't go to sleep till midnight.
Pixel 3a: Because, because that that
Pixel 3a: I gave her a nice lavender bath. I did everything I haven't used essential oil.
Pixel 3a: I gave her lavender bubble bath. I gave her the lavender baby lotion man just central oils.
Pixel 3a: That she's taking them till midnight.
Pixel 3a: This little girl. She's very hyper
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you gotta have some kind of respite or reprieve
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean you have to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To be able to provide yourself with self care, we can you know you can provide all the care in the world to your babies. But unless you're giving it to yourself to
I know
Pixel 3a: Yeah.
Pixel 3a: I will well. Like right now I get to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't have reply. We doggy.
Pixel 3a: Last week she was
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about are you what time does she normally go to sleep.
Pixel 3a: Well see, when we were when my husband was living here. She had a bedtime at 730 she went to bed at 730 we have a schedule, you know,
Pixel 3a: Since he's left. It's just, she just she's been. She has such bad anxiety. Now because her dad left and then I went to Oregon for three days.
Pixel 3a: So she had, you know, she's, she's always been around us, because we live together and she'd never been away from us.
Pixel 3a: So I think it just freaked her out. So now she's just she doesn't go to sleep, she normally will fall asleep, like 930 or 10
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
Pixel 3a: But it varies between nine to 12
Pixel 3a: And no nap.
How's that possible.
Pixel 3a: Is to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The resilient, that's for sure.
Pixel 3a: I'm like, I don't understand you have no nap. Like, and you're still up and then she'll wake up at the same time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What how long has he been out of the house.
Pixel 3a: The day before on Christmas Eve.
So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Three months.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, almost three months.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you try to put her to bed at 730
Pixel 3a: Yeah, I was. We all every day 730 I tried to just just flow.
Pixel 3a: She just stays awake and then she'll get up and then I get angry. So I have to leave.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because I'll get really angry.
Pixel 3a: Like extremely to where I don't want to like
Pixel 3a: Like scream something or screen because I used to scream, a lot. My kids when they were little.
Pixel 3a: Mm hmm. Cuz I was just overwhelmed and with her. I don't
Pixel 3a: I've never spanked. I don't believe in spanking my kids. I've never
Pixel 3a: Ever, ever think
Pixel 3a: Not one of my kids, but I used to yell.
Pixel 3a: Like they would get scared, you know,
Pixel 3a: But, uh, with her. I don't. So I have to
Pixel 3a: Leave because I feel like I'm going to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
It's so frustrating here.
Pixel 3a: You know, so, I believe, and then that's what she gets up and starts playing and
Pixel 3a: Jumping on the bed or whatever. So then I just
Pixel 3a: I give up, which I probably shouldn't because then she's winning
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, so yeah.
Pixel 3a: Yeah, that's what it is. She's winning
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: two year olds. They're pretty smart.
I know
Pixel 3a: She wins and now she's got this new thing where
Pixel 3a: She starts head butting you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh out
Pixel 3a: I know, but she does that, like if you hold her because she wants to go and read around wild, but sometimes they're like, No, you can't go run around wild, you know, like we're in the stores of they should just like try to head but us
Pixel 3a: He let her go like, oh my god, I'm not used to this. I never had my kids were so good.
Pixel 3a: Timing they were amazing kids. I mean, everybody's to tell me. God, your kids are so well mannered and I like to think that's because of my parenting. But then, then this one. She's just
Pixel 3a: I don't know if she just bought I spoil her baby because she's my last she's my baby.
Pixel 3a: I don't know, but she's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, okay. So remember that the gap 18 years right in that 18 years you've changed a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Lot too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. And so remember that that the patients and the tolerance that you had with your older kids.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It kind of goes away a little bit with the second round. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so you have to remember that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The changes that have happened with you as well growing older. Yeah. You know what I mean.
Pixel 3a: It. Yeah, I feel
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Of it.
Pixel 3a: I was way strict with my first three kids like that's why they, you know, I was scheduling, you know, because everybody's to tell me, Oh, your kids are going to end up gang members are all you know there because I was a teen mom.
Pixel 3a: And I refuse to that. Oh, no. These kids are going to be something so I devoted everything to them.
Pixel 3a: And I had a structure, you know, like I was very structured with them.
Pixel 3a: To wear with a riot. I don't. I'm more like she gets away with everything you know like my poor son my oldest son, he was 16 years old, he had to be home before dark.
Pixel 3a: Now, and I'm like, oh my god, I was so mean for mutual you know like
Pixel 3a: He you know like
Pixel 3a: So,
Pixel 3a: Then with her, like, Sure, go ahead. I don't, I need to put that structure into her be. I just don't like to hurt her feelings, because she made
Pixel 3a: A baby you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, but you think about it this way. And you know, I totally. I, I get it. I totally get it.
Pixel 3a: And I think it is because I'm older. Like, I don't want I don't have the
Pixel 3a: Paint. I don't have, like, I'm just like, just, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Pixel 3a: Cuz I'm more tired now.
Pixel 3a: For I was young, that I could keep up with them. Yeah, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's exactly what it is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It happens. And then on top of it. Don't forget that, you know, she also has autism, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which is twice as challenging as a child without autism.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So there's that piece to
Pixel 3a: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I mean,
Pixel 3a: It's crazy, because she she. It's what sounds and lights.
Pixel 3a: Next, you get so like you can't go into somewhere like
Pixel 3a: That loud, you know,
Pixel 3a: That's challenging
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so it's a double talent.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It would definitely be easier if she didn't have it. But she does. And so you're you're double challenge there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: On top of being you know 18 years older. So
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you got to give yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The breathing room in this too. And this is why you know again having that conversation with your partner and just saying I gotta have I need some meantime
Pixel 3a: I know I have
Pixel 3a: You know, I tell them all the time.
Pixel 3a: That his, his answer is, okay, I'll go over, but it's the same, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So when he comes over, have you thought about being ready to to leave to go someplace.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And say, Okay, I'll be back a couple hours you have fun.
Pixel 3a: Yeah, yeah. And he would I know he would be fine with that. But I would just how I've been asked. I told him no pay for a hotel for him because he's doing with his parents.
Pixel 3a: I was like, I'll pay for a hotel. Just take the baby for one night, you know, so it could have breathing, but he thinks I'm joking. I guess, cuz I'm not like a hotel for me, you know, hotel.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For one night.
Pixel 3a: Just one day, just one night.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No.
Pixel 3a: Because it's it's a law. It's a lot. She's always like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe that's the idea.
Now,
Pixel 3a: We'll try
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Pixel 3a: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One night just one night, get a massage, relax.
Yeah.
Pixel 3a: I'll see. I'll try again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely, I would. I mean, if I was in your shoes. That's kind of how I would approach it. I would just say, okay, so, you know, I know that you're willing to come over here and sit with her, but this is what I'm going to make plans for me to be able to go be with me for a little bit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: took care of me 24 hours you come over you be with the baby. I'll know she's safe, then I'll be able to relax a little bit
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, just kind of lay out
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A game plan for him and say these are my expectations.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you meet them. You know what to do and take it. Just take, even if it's a half a day. You know what I mean, but be able to take some time for you, for you to breathe. Eat arrest. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's important self care is one of the most vital important things. I know. Yes. When you're not taking care of yourself, your, your, your patients is less
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For sure. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh yeah, with a baby, your emotions are crazier.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, it's hard to get a handle on them. And so it's a vital part of recovering from trauma grief and loss and in recovery, you know, general, these are like huge pieces that have to be taking care of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your. Number one, you have to be number one. No.
Pixel 3a: I just have to
Pixel 3a: tell myself that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have to be
Pixel 3a: No.
Pixel 3a: Let's see, I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Trying to do it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, okay, I'm happy with. I'll try.
Pixel 3a: I'll try.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Eating. Have you, have you ever went to massage
Pixel 3a: Yeah, after day, after I got fired.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He went got a massage still
Pixel 3a: We went had a couples massage
Pixel 3a: Good. Yeah, it was nice.
Pixel 3a: It was really good. I had a massage with the feet scrub and a facial and I liked it a lot. So I think I want to go get a facial
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just something that says, you know, I need to take care of me and that little bit of reprieve helps so much
Pixel 3a: Yeah.
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Gotta invest in yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Richer it's an investment. It's an investment. Right. Yeah, if you think about it in that way. It's an investment.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's an investment into your daughter into your daughter's care into your daughter's future into your future with your daughter, but really it's an investment.
Pixel 3a: Yeah, because it's true, like with everything my my patience has been so like a trigger. You know, switch like anything, even with with my husband, like, he'll say something and then I just get so angry because like
Pixel 3a: I just want I don't know, like, listen to me. You know, so I need to work on that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, having
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Expectations.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For somebody that you have already had experience with it's unable to give you what you need. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is a setup. That's just a setup you set yourself up for failure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and you know what I mean taking back any expectations as far as him being able to meet your needs and finding other avenues to be able to get your needs met, such as in therapy or have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your aunt that went to your mom's with you being able to connect with her and spend time even if it's out to lunch or a cup of coffee, but
Pixel 3a: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just something for you to get you time, you know,
Pixel 3a: Yeah, I'll try that. Let's say you have the baby and just run
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just say, I'll be back. You know, I need, I need. I've been telling you and telling you and telling you I need me time, I really need me time
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you know, and just being able to do it. And I bet you he would be shocked, too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, it seems to me like at this point he needs a little bit of shock.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To realize that he's you know that if things don't change.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, that his you know his partner needs needs things and he's got to be able to provide that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you know,
Pixel 3a: Yeah, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So if you're taking care of yourself. You're taking better care of yourself and you're investing in yourself and you know your
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Everything about you is changing, you develop this glow.
Pixel 3a: Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What happens because you're investing within you, your self esteem gets raised your self worth gets raised, and then he watches that you know what I mean. And he gets to a point where they get to the point where they're like, I don't want to lose that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What does. I need to do. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And maybe, just maybe,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, it might get him motivated to be able to do something, but right now it's like he he probably knows that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're having a hard time with the baby in that you need him, and it's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Easier to just confirm. Yeah, it's easier just conform, you know, for you to conform to you know him and deal with the misery. But in reality, you know, the misery is felt all around.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah baby feels it to, you know,
Pixel 3a: I know, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you got to remember that to what's in the best interest of you in her
Yeah.
I know
Pixel 3a: I'm gonna write that down everywhere self care for me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Self care.
Pixel 3a: Yeah. What can you remember when I'm feeling down
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you got to take care of yourself. You got to have that time you know you're going through a lot right now. You know, when remember that. Be kind to yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, nobody else will.
Pixel 3a: Be kind of. I know.
Pixel 3a: For real. Seriously. So say it always give, give, give, give, give, when am I going to have mine, you know,
Pixel 3a: Yeah, that to Richard earlier, the same planet. So I tried to be a good person. I try to do everything right and it's like why do I keep getting shit on sorry about my language. But, you know,
Pixel 3a: That's how you feel.
Pixel 3a: You know, it's like, oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have you ever heard that saying we teach people how to treat us
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So think about that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In this context of what we're talking about, you know, we can say whatever it is that we need to say, and it probably gets fallen on deaf ears. But when our actions start backing that up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, then people realize that we're serious
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you know,
Pixel 3a: That's what it is falling on deaf ears, nothing's changing three months.
Pixel 3a: Yeah, exactly the same.
Pixel 3a: So, yeah.
Pixel 3a: Oh,
Pixel 3a: Yeah. Everything you're saying it's so funny, like my sister was saying the same thing. We've had this whole time. You know, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, you'll know again you'll know when you're ready to have that talk with him to figure out what direction you're going. You'll know when you're ready, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It doesn't have to be today doesn't have to be tomorrow. It's going to be on your terms.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know when you're ready.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I would just suggest really start investing a little bit of time into yourself right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that you, you know, can figure it out, you're starting a new job tomorrow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know you and you're gonna rock it.
Pixel 3a: I hope so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're gonna rock it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you've got that, you know, right now. That's the first and foremost thing that you've got to do without that, you know, and I would just focus on on that and focus on, you know, giving yourself some self care and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Go from there.
Pixel 3a: Okay and I'm gonna just table the whole
Pixel 3a: Labor Board thing for now because that's what I feel like is driving me crazy.
Pixel 3a: Because I'm not that way, either, you know,
Pixel 3a: Like I don't I don't like to be vindictive or like to hurt her. You know what I mean. So it's
Pixel 3a: bothering me a lot.
To even
Pixel 3a: Think about doing that to her, you know, because I like i said i I did love her. You know what I mean. So it's like, I don't want to do that.
Pixel 3a: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Then don't
Pixel 3a: Table that for yeah I think I'm just gonna because that's been
Pixel 3a: Giving me like so much anxiety. I can't stop thinking about it, you know, because I've been kind of. I just think the big thing. So I can't sleep because I'm too busy thinking about that, you know, I'm like, Oh, I just don't want to think about it anymore. I just want to go move on and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You ever heard of a
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have you ever heard of a god box.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, so I learned this 20 years ago in early recovery where things that you ruminate about things that you are stressed about and ruminate about you write them down.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You put them in a box like you can go. I went made it a cool little wooden box and I wrote down all of my worries, put them in the box left them alone and committed myself to not thinking about them for 30 days, you can do that with this situation seven days.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Write it down, put it someplace safe and don't even think about it for seven days every time you find your mind going back to it changes your thought process.
Pixel 3a: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know something else, but give yourself a reprieve from the stress that it's called
Pixel 3a: Yes, it's causing a lot. Yeah, I think I'm going to do that for sure because it's an EDM BB sick to my stomach.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you got to get away, get away from it, you've got enough going on right now.
Pixel 3a: Yes, I know.
Pixel 3a: I'm going to do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just give yourself a break with it. Yeah.
Pixel 3a: But I think that's what's been bothering me more than what mean everything else. But on top of everything else you know that's been
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Getting impacted. Oh.
Pixel 3a: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Kind of makes everything else, sometimes more heavy
Pixel 3a: Yeah, for sure. So I'm going to do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: prioritize your worries.
Pixel 3a: First year yeah
Pixel 3a: So I'll just get through this job. But what's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The last day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: wish you luck. And I do think that you're going to kill it. And I don't think
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, I think that after you're there for a couple days and you get their routine down. I think you're going to do great.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then next week when you and I MEET YOU'RE GOING TO SAY I DON'T EVEN KNOW WHAT I WAS all worried about because
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, things that next week I'm going to be
Pixel 3a: Training.
Pixel 3a: This week is like I have to do like the expo the bar and then busting and hostess eat and then next week. It's training for serving
Pixel 3a: Because
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your eyes open.
Pixel 3a: Yeah. Yeah, I know, I know what I know I'll kill it. I got it, it's just scary.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is scary because I
Pixel 3a: Have to the managers and the order on my last day, I was like, oh my god.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think it's cool that they're giving you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, time to train in each area. I think that's cool.
Pixel 3a: I know that side saying this place seems really really good. It's that's just to give you the feel of everybody's job so that way you know you respect everybody's job.
Pixel 3a: Which I find like wow, like I've never had a place like that. You know what I mean, like, that's such a
Pixel 3a: Great way of having somebody come in.
Pixel 3a: Just a radio like wow
Pixel 3a: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that is what you call it. That's what you call team building
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's how it should be, you know,
Pixel 3a: Yeah, that's what my friend said that they're really good at.
Pixel 3a: So she was
Pixel 3a: Telling me about when her mom passed what they did. And I was just like, oh my god, compared to what happened with buying you know
Pixel 3a: Like, that's amazing. So I'm excited. I'll do good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You will
Pixel 3a: I'm just going to forget about that listing because that's what's been
Pixel 3a: Eating at me.
Pixel 3a: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, put it up for a week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't think about it again. You know, you've got enough on your plate to worry about right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, okay.
Pixel 3a: That's actually making me feel better, just thinking about not so good about it.
Yeah.
Pixel 3a: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And just here's another piece of that realize that that is your decision.
Pixel 3a: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you choose not to do it. There's nothing wrong with that.
Pixel 3a: Yeah, I think, like, the only thing is with me. I'm like, Oh, she won or, you know, and it's just like, I just got to stop. Who cares. She's not going to be in my life anymore. You know what I mean.
Pixel 3a: So who cares if she feels like she won or whatever, you know, because of the long run, she lost a great employee that worked very hard for company.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so that means that she's not the winner.
Pixel 3a: Exactly.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And if you continually treat your employees that way before long. You have no employees and the only
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thing that you have is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Bad employees that stay because they can't get work anyplace else
Pixel 3a: Yeah, yeah. And that's how it is that the turnaround. There is insane, like the first month I work there was like four or five turnarounds like Why is he such better on here. Now I know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know why.
Pixel 3a: You know, yeah.
Pixel 3a: Yeah, so I'm going to be much happier. I'm I know it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think so too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm gonna get you out of here. I already have somebody waiting in my room.
Pixel 3a: Oh, sorry. No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't be sorry. I'm just next week, I'll be excited to hear about, you know, your first day or your week at work, because you'll have a week under your belt.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And really work on just putting that other situation aside.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, yeah, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get some hours to do some self care.
Pixel 3a: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, that's my homework. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is your homework.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right.
Pixel 3a: All right. Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will next week.
Pixel 3a: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right. Bye bye.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hello, how are you
Jennfer castro: I'm good, how are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am good. Sorry about the weight. I was finishing up with another client ran over a little bit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This won't take very long. It is a we're going to complete a bio psychosocial and the word the actual word of it is a lot longer than what it takes to complete one so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm just going to ask you a series of questions, if that's okay.
Mm hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so the first question is, what brings you to bright heart and why now.
Jennfer castro: Because I'm a heroin addict. My life is going downhill spiraling quickly.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, can you give me a little bit of you're using history like what age did you first start using any substances. What was the substance and how did it progress to where you are today.
Jennfer castro: Okay. Well, I started using math on and off. Like when I was about 15 my mom was a felt dope. So my boyfriend was my mom's connect dad or whatever, whatever.
Jennfer castro: And he did it. And my mom. My mom gave me
Jennfer castro: To get me out of her hair. I think
Jennfer castro: And I did quit when I got my pregnant with my oldest son, but my second son I used through the whole pregnancy. There's nothing wrong with them. Now, as far as I could tell I mean he's 21 now.
Jennfer castro: And then I didn't use until or I quit using for like six years.
Jennfer castro: Like, I think it was 26 to 2032 and then I started using again and I started using black
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Until now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And when was it worse for you lose heart.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell me about your situation right now.
Jennfer castro: All right, now I'm not working. I'm homeless. I'm going from place to place that would say
Jennfer castro: Just nothing seems to work in my favor.
Jennfer castro: Right, I'm always chasing it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's what it turns into huh
Huh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, any past treatment. Have you ever been to any kind of detox residential or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not patient I've
Jennfer castro: Completed reality once and I completed.
Jennfer castro: One in San Joaquin County. I can't remember what that one was called and then I've
Jennfer castro: Well, back then you actually do go back to the reality and detox if if you needed to more and but now they don't offer detox programs here in Stanislaus County, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any past mental health.
Jennfer castro: Treatment. Yes, yes, yes, I will. I've been evaluated three times.
Jennfer castro: The last one being about six years ago.
Jennfer castro: So, something happened in my life that triggered and they diagnosis P S t or something like that. Close Manistee, yeah.
Jennfer castro: But I have manic depressive bipolar have anxiety of
Jennfer castro: All kinds of issues.
Jennfer castro: I haven't been hospitalized for them. I've just been evaluated and given medicine and sent home.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and any past suicide attempts, or thoughts.
Recently,
Jennfer castro: I tried to shoot heroin and it didn't work. But I don't shoot it. I just smoked it so
Jennfer castro: didn't work out for me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that was it, was that in intent was
Jennfer castro: Know what, it wasn't this to
Jennfer castro: Not numb the pain, but I had never done it before. So I tried to do a big shot and it didn't work out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, any past suicide attempts.
Jennfer castro: Before that I did. I tried. When I was a teenager, I took the only prescription bottle of pills that was in the medicine cabinet and end up being a
Jennfer castro: stool softener. And so I screwed dehydrated myself. I shouldn't throw up all over. Like it just like nobody's business. So I after that I didn't do that. I didn't try suicide. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what about any thoughts in the last two weeks. Any thoughts.
Jennfer castro: No. Not really, no. I mean, I wish I wasn't here, but I don't think it's like suicidal thoughts now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Any homicide thoughts.
Jennfer castro: No, never.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, any past or present self harm. So just cutting or burning or anything like that.
Jennfer castro: I used to cut myself. I don't do it anymore.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When was the last time.
Jennfer castro: When I was when I was clean was when I was cutting myself so I 3231 32
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And have you ever gotten any kind of therapy for your PTSD.
Jennfer castro: Well, no, I haven't. Well, they tried to send me to counselor, but I just named it with, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Jennfer castro: Greg, though.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Um, alright, so going back a little bit further. I know you touch base a little bit on your family growing up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With your mom and stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can you tell me a little bit more about your childhood in your home, whether your parents were together your whole life. Did they divorce. Do you have siblings.
Jennfer castro: No, my mom. My mom another man actually raised me until I was eight years old, I found out at eight years old, that the bandwidth that had raised me wasn't my father.
Jennfer castro: And my mom has been married five times the last one being her longest one of her husband's molested me for a lot of
Jennfer castro: Two years out of there for your relationship and she didn't believe me. And actually, she told the cops that I made it up because I wanted her attention.
Jennfer castro: And stayed with him until he wouldn't fly sisters reminiscing as you want. My sister here in peace. She screamed, like a banshee. I don't know. But then my mom. Believe me, but
Jennfer castro: Yeah, I don't have a good relationship with my mom at all. So my mom's been clean now for 2020 years maybe longer than that. She's really turned her life around. I'm really proud of her about that, but she's just no mother. She's the hypocrites, you know,
Jennfer castro: She's just not right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But, um,
Jennfer castro: And I have siblings. I have a
Jennfer castro: Sister by my mom and then every has been that she said she's adopted their kids and
Jennfer castro: My dad that raised me. He has two kids will have my dad. My dad raised me. He has two kids with to my older than me.
Jennfer castro: But all I remember is them. So that's my family. Right. So that's what I remember. And then my my biological father said, I have a sister and a brother, and I've known my brother, since he was born, but my oldest or the younger sister. I just found out about her after my father died so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you building a relationship with her.
No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay I'm going back a little bit further. Can you tell me a little bit how it was for in school for you.
Jennfer castro: School is easy for a long time until I got into high school, I will note. Maybe it's great junior high when they moved into town went to the same school for
Jennfer castro: Us my life. And then my mom moved me from my grandma's into town and I was bouncing schools and not applying myself because I didn't know where I fit in, you know, yeah.
Jennfer castro: And high school I got kicked out in high school for fighting
Jennfer castro: So I bounced around your height, the continuation schools and sell. I just clicked on school
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you ever come back and get your GED.
Jennfer castro: Matt, actually, once I got my God I have my
Jennfer castro: Exposed via pharm tech and right after school. And I did that for a little while, but then like it to the clothes setting. So it was some kind of boring, same thing every day with the same people, you know,
Yeah, and
Jennfer castro: So using the can and that's when all this shit. And then I was full screen massage therapist was clean. And that's what my current
Jennfer castro: And I got my associates.
Jennfer castro: Okay, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What you get your associates.
Jennfer castro: And massage therapy.
Jennfer castro: therapeutic massage and what everyone call
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Awesome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you like doing that.
Jennfer castro: I did. I mean, I do and I thought it was gonna be simple, because I'm not a people person anymore like I used to be so you know one client one person was sounded easy but you take on a lot of their attention, there's progress in their daily
Jennfer castro: From their daily lives. And I wasn't able to
Jennfer castro: I guess Spence of it. Like I said, the been taken on a lot of
Jennfer castro: Things I got a lot of anxiety from right, I guess.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I'm ever been in the military.
Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: past or current legal issues going on.
Jennfer castro: Well just recently I've been got pulled over and I got like
Jennfer castro: Arrested for
Jennfer castro: Possession of drugs, but hopefully that'll be traffic.
Jennfer castro: Hopefully,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Um, and we've already talked to establish that you have financial stressors and as far as not being able to work and not having a job and stuff right now. So tell me, what is it that you would like to work on while you're working with bright heart engaged right now.
Right now.
Jennfer castro: Right now, I'm just really trying to work on myself myself. I need to get HAVE GRANDKIDS and I have three boys.
Jennfer castro: My oldest to have kids and my youngest have my or grandchild. And I really need to be in their lives really found myself from them and
Jennfer castro: Not there like I used to be, you know,
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Trying to think, what else I think we have answered all the questions on your bio psychosocial. Um, are you, you're engaged in group right now.
Jennfer castro: Yeah. On Wednesday at noon. Yeah, Wednesdays.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And who's your Dr.
Jennfer castro: J Gibson.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Our game. I think it's in Germany. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And did she recommend that you do individual therapy.
Jennfer castro: And I don't, I don't think we gotten to that yet, or she might have on my first one. I'm not sure if he said there be a couple phone calls, I would get, be honest, I couldn't tell you see why don't we do that or not.
Jennfer castro: I thought that this was
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's it's similar except you and I were just completing your history, your bio psychosocial right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay and so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Individual therapy really happens the same way where we pick a time and a date. And then you come and meet with me and we work on different types of building, building your sober support system. Are you going to any meetings or anything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right now, so I've helped meetings or anything.
No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Who do you have that is a sober support system for you.
Jennfer castro: You have any her and my street Mom Yeah, I do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good, good, good, that's important that you have that. And are you planning on attending any kind of self help meetings.
Jennfer castro: Well, now in our announcements it so through the roof that I can't be around a lot of people, you know, it makes me really makes me. Yeah, so, no. Not right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So know that there are also some there's online meetings as well.
Jennfer castro: Where you can do it straight on your
Phone.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There are some that are like bright heart is where it's video but there's others where it's just like a chat forum.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Able to, you know, talk to other people hear other people's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ideas about things to be able to do to stay sober and introduce yourself in a manner that doesn't raise your anxiety, you know,
Jennfer castro: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I just kind of wanted to give you that information. So you know that that piece is available to you until
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have are able to engage in something bigger, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Build a sober support. You know what I mean.
Jennfer castro: Okay, yeah.
It's important.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And let's see, you're in groups Wednesday. So your, are you in the map program.
Jennfer castro: I don't know what that is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And medication assisted treatment.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is a box on
Jennfer castro: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can't get good and that's important, and it's working. Okay, and no issues with the meds for you.
Jennfer castro: Yeah, she just that point. Oh, so I'm hopefully it'll start working better. I mean, for because I wasn't sleeping well at night so
Jennfer castro: She had my dose, a little bit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good, good, good. She's a good doctor now.
Jennfer castro: Mm hmm. I like her so far.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. Okay, so, um, I will let her know that we completed your bio psychosocial and then you'll see her in group and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I need to find out if I'm going to be your primary therapist or they're going to assign you somebody else.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then we'll figure that piece out and get you set up for individual therapy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And why you're working with bright heart to help you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Develop different coping skills and help you, you know, maybe understand the effects that PTSD and past trauma have on our adult life. You know, we don't realize we don't realize that things that we experience as a kid, you know, really play a factor and how we respond as an adult.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so, you know, and being able to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To get through that a little bit would probably help as well.
Jennfer castro: Okay, thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm it. Do you have any questions for me, Jennifer.
Jennfer castro: No I don't actually pretty good right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, do you have, is there anything that I didn't touch base on that you think is important for us to know about you.
Jennfer castro: No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, it's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nice meeting you.
Jennfer castro: You too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I'll find out whether or not it's myself that's going to be working with you or another therapist but either which way we'll get that got get that set up for you. Okay.
Jennfer castro: Okay, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right there. Yeah.
Jennfer castro: Yeah, the current day Jennifer
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You too. Okay.
Bye.